Update post-ti-indicator.md (#6809)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/post-ti-indicator.md

:---|:---|:---
indicatorValue|String|Identity of the [Indicator](ti-indicator.md) entity. **Required**
indicatorType|Enum|Type of the indicator. Possible values are: "FileSha1", "FileMd5", "CertificateThumbprint", "FileSha256", "IpAddress", "DomainName" and "Url". **Required**

> action|Enum|The action that will be taken if the indicator will be discovered in the organization. Possible values are: "Alert", "Warn", "Block", "Audit, "BlockAndRemediate", "AlertAndBlock", and "Allowed". **Required**. "GenerateAlert" is an item that must be set to "TRUE" when creating an action with "Audit".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
action|Enum|The action that will be taken if the indicator will be discovered in the organization. Possible values are: "Alert", "Warn", "Block", "Audit, "BlockAndRemediate", "AlertAndBlock", and "Allowed". **Required**. The "GenerateAlert" parameter must be set to "TRUE" when creating an action with "Audit".
```
